apps/admin/docs/features.md, before:

# Features

## Authentication

- Log in
  - Go to any url of the app
  - See the login screen
  - Be able to log in with your credentials

## Forms

- View all forms
  - Go to the _Vragenlijsten_ page
  - See a list of all forms
- Create a new form
  - Click the Create button on the _Vragenlijsten_ page
  - See a form, including a Form.io form builder
  - Enter values and save. This returns you to the _Vragenlijsten_ page
- Edit an existing form
  - Click on an existing form on the _Vragenlijsten_ page
  - See a form, including a Form.io form builder, which shows the existing values
  - Change values and save. This returns you to the _Vragenlijsten_ page
- Delete an existing form
  - Click on an existing form on the _Vragenlijsten_ page
  - Click on the Delete button
  - You’re returned to the _Vragenlijsten_ page, where the deleted form isn’t shown anymore.

## Categories

- View all categories
  - Go to the _Categorieën_ page
  - See a list of all categories
- Create a new category
  - Click the Create button on the _Categorieën_ page
  - See a form
  - Enter values and save. This returns you to the _Categorieën_ page
- Edit an existing category
  - Click on an existing category on the _Categorieën_ page
  - See a form that shows the existing values
  - Change values and save. This returns you to the _Categorieën_ page
- Delete an existing category
  - Click on an existing category on the _Categorieën_ page
  - Click on the Delete button
  - You’re returned to the _Categorieën_ page, where the deleted category isn’t shown anymore.

Commit message:

Add confirmation dialog to delete buttons

apps/admin/docs/features.md, after:

# Features

## Authentication

- Log in
  - Go to any url of the app
  - See the login screen
  - Be able to log in with your credentials

## Forms

- View all forms
  - Go to the _Vragenlijsten_ page
  - See a list of all forms
- Create a new form
  - Click the Create button on the _Vragenlijsten_ page
  - See a form, including a Form.io form builder
  - Enter values and save. This returns you to the _Vragenlijsten_ page
- Edit an existing form
  - Click on an existing form on the _Vragenlijsten_ page
  - See a form, including a Form.io form builder, which shows the existing values
  - Change values and save. This returns you to the _Vragenlijsten_ page
- Delete an existing form
  - Click on an existing form on the _Vragenlijsten_ page
  - Click on the Delete button
  - See a confirmation dialog
  - Choosing Cancel returns you to the existing form
  - Choosing Confirm returns you to the _Vragenlijsten_ page, where the deleted form isn’t shown anymore.

## Categories

- View all categories
  - Go to the _Categorieën_ page
  - See a list of all categories
- Create a new category
  - Click the Create button on the _Categorieën_ page
  - See a form
  - Enter values and save. This returns you to the _Categorieën_ page
- Edit an existing category
  - Click on an existing category on the _Categorieën_ page
  - See a form that shows the existing values
  - Change values and save. This returns you to the _Categorieën_ page
- Delete an existing category
  - Click on an existing category on the _Categorieën_ page
  - Click on the Delete button
  - See a confirmation dialog
  - Choosing Cancel returns you to the existing form
  - Choosing Confirm returns you to the _Categorieën_ page, where the deleted category isn’t shown anymore.
