docs/README.md, before:

<!-- @license CC0-1.0 -->

# Meldingen front-end architecture

Meldingen is an application with three separate front-ends:

- Public: where the general public can create nuisance reports.
- Backoffice: where professionals can handle these reports.
- Admin: where admins can manage the Public and Backoffice apps.

```mermaid
graph TD
    DB[("Database")] <-->|Data| BE["Backend"]
    AI -->|Text recognition| BE["Backend"]
    BE -->|Form config| PFE["
        Public Frontend

        - Meldformulier
        - Openbare kaart
        - Mijn melding
    "]
    PFE -->|Signal| BE
    BE -->|Form config| BFE["
        Backoffice Frontend

        - Maken en afhandelen melding
    "]
    BE -->|CMS config| PFE
    BE <-->|Signal status| BFE
    BE <-->|CMS config| AFE["
        Admin Frontend

        - Form builder
        - CMS texts public FE & mails
    "]
    BE <-->|Form config| AFE
    PFE <-.-> BOB
    BFE <-.-> AMBT["Ambtenaar"]
    BFE <-.-> EXT["Extern"]
    AFE <-.-> FB["Functioneel beheer"]
```

## Further documentation

1. [Libraries and frameworks](./0001-libraries-and-frameworks.md)
2. [Type safety](./0002-type-safety.md)
3. [Testing](./0003-testing.md)
4. [Styling](./0004-styling.md)
5. [Linting](./0005-linting.md)
6. [Monorepo tooling](./0006-monorepo-tooling.md)
7. [Forms](./0007-forms.md)
8. [Authentication](./0008-authentication.md)
9. [Directory structure](./0009-directory-structure.md)

Commit message:

Add Back Office application (#737)
Co-authored-by: Aram <37216945+alimpens@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/README.md, after:

<!-- @license CC0-1.0 -->

# Meldingen front-end architecture

Meldingen is an application with three separate front-ends:

- Public: where the general public can create nuisance reports.
- Back Office: where professionals can handle these reports.
- Admin: where admins can manage the Public and Back Office apps.

```mermaid
graph TD
    DB[("Database")] <-->|Data| BE["Backend"]
    AI -->|Text recognition| BE["Backend"]
    BE -->|Form config| PFE["
        Public Frontend

        - Meldformulier
        - Openbare kaart
        - Mijn melding
    "]
    PFE -->|Signal| BE
    BE -->|Form config| BFE["
        Back Office Frontend

        - Maken en afhandelen melding
    "]
    BE -->|CMS config| PFE
    BE <-->|Signal status| BFE
    BE <-->|CMS config| AFE["
        Admin Frontend

        - Form builder
        - CMS texts public FE & mails
    "]
    BE <-->|Form config| AFE
    PFE <-.-> BOB
    BFE <-.-> AMBT["Ambtenaar"]
    BFE <-.-> EXT["Extern"]
    AFE <-.-> FB["Functioneel beheer"]
```

## Further documentation

1. [Libraries and frameworks](./0001-libraries-and-frameworks.md)
2. [Type safety](./0002-type-safety.md)
3. [Testing](./0003-testing.md)
4. [Styling](./0004-styling.md)
5. [Linting](./0005-linting.md)
6. [Monorepo tooling](./0006-monorepo-tooling.md)
7. [Forms](./0007-forms.md)
8. [Authentication](./0008-authentication.md)
9. [Directory structure](./0009-directory-structure.md)
